front/README.md, before:

# Front

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.4.

## Generate Apollo GraphQl client code

To generate client code, run:

```bash
npm run generate
```

## Extract localisation

To extracte localisation file code, run:

```bash
ng extract-i18n --output-path src/locales
```

Then copy the extracted localization file, i.e. for French:
```bash
cp src/locales/messages.xlf src/locales/messages.fr-FR.xlf
```

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

[MOD] Updated frontent readme with localizations build

front/README.md, after:

# Front

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.4.

## Generate Apollo GraphQl client code

To generate client code, run:

```bash
npm run generate
```

## Extract localisation

To extracte localisation file code, run:

```bash
ng extract-i18n --output-path src/locales
```

Then copy the extracted localization file, i.e. for French:
```bash
cp src/locales/messages.xlf src/locales/messages.fr-FR.xlf
```

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project with its localization run:

```bash
ng build --localize=true
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
